Bugs
----

If a user never logs in, someone else can grab their nickname
See the issue tracker at code.google.com/p/rietveld for more bugs

Downloads
---------

Download links should use more meaningful filenames,
    e.g. "123_456.diff" rather than 456 (where 123 is the issue and 456
    the patch set).

Popups
------

Issue popup should contain links to go to the issue page, the edit page, ...
Issue popup should always contain the full info (even if it's redundant)
User popups should contain links to go to the user's page

Data Cleaning
-------------

Email addresses should be lowercased before comparing
Nicknames too???
Nicknames should not be allowed to contain multiple internal spaces
    nor internal whitespace other than space

Sending Mail
------------

Should allow registered nicknames in Reviewers and CC fields
Normalize emails to nicknames in these fields when displaying, if known
Mail templates should be sparser -- no happy talk
Review template should include diff if small (<= 100 lines)

Issues
------

Star issues (per user)
Archive issues (that's per user rather than per issue)

Patch Sets
----------

Edit patch set message
Delete patch sets

Repositories and Branches
-------------------------

Get rid of the repository feature in favor of always using upload.py?
Edit/Delete Repository?
Automatically add Repository entries when a new project uploads stuff?

Searching, Organizing
---------------------

View all open issues by base, or by repository
View all closed issues (issue 15 in the tracker)

Commenting
----------

Add stars
Add non-inline comments per file, per patchset, per issue
Support inline comments in patch (unified diff) view
Keyboard shortcut for entering a comment at the blue line
    (isn't this already in the JS code?)

Diffs and Patches
-----------------

Deprecate the upload form (and repositories) and do it all with upload.py
Improve UI for selecting patch set deltas; handle missing files better
Syntax colorization
Record revision and show in UI; indicate action (add/edit/delete)
Handle propsets?
Handle binary files?!  (Progress: fewer crashes related to binary files)
Add line length option
Support more diff formats  (Better: let upload.py normlize these)
Need a more powerful way to specify the URL for finding a revision (?)

User Experience
---------------

Need a unique favicon
Make Edit Issue show the form inline instead of opening a new page?
Support more of the Mondrian functionality already in script.js,
  e.g. j / k with arrow to select an issue
Fields "SVN Base" and "Base" have hard-to-guess names
Better UI for adding branches?  (Low priority now we have upload.py)
Page titles should be more informative:
    show issue # and subject for issues
    show issue # and full filename for diffs and patches
Show a download patch link on the individual diff pages
Right-justify the "Id" and "Drafts (mine)" headings in the Issues list table
Allow clicking on the issue id to go to the issue as well

Software Engineering
--------------------

Unittests
Zip up Django
Change Makefile to use a "clean" release directory for uploading
